then Moses spoke to the heads of the
then Moses spoke to the heads of the tribes concerning the children of Israel
tribes concerning the children of Israel
tribes concerning the children of Israel this is the thing which the Lord has
this is the thing which the Lord has
this is the thing which the Lord has commanded if a man makes a vow to the
commanded if a man makes a vow to the
commanded if a man makes a vow to the Lord or swears an oath to bind himself
Lord or swears an oath to bind himself
Lord or swears an oath to bind himself by some agreement he shall not break his
by some agreement he shall not break his
by some agreement he shall not break his word he shall do according to all the
word he shall do according to all the
word he shall do according to all the proceeds out of his mouth more if a
proceeds out of his mouth more if a
proceeds out of his mouth more if a woman makes a vow to the Lord and binds
woman makes a vow to the Lord and binds
woman makes a vow to the Lord and binds herself by some agreement while in her
herself by some agreement while in her
herself by some agreement while in her father's house in her youth and her
father's house in her youth and her
father's house in her youth and her father hears her vow and the agreement
father hears her vow and the agreement
father hears her vow and the agreement by which she has bound herself and her
by which she has bound herself and her
by which she has bound herself and her father holds his peace then all her vows
father holds his peace then all her vows
father holds his peace then all her vows shall stand and every agreement with
shall stand and every agreement with
shall stand and every agreement with which she has bound herself shall stand
which she has bound herself shall stand
which she has bound herself shall stand but if her father overrules her on the
but if her father overrules her on the
but if her father overrules her on the day that he hears then none of her vows
day that he hears then none of her vows
day that he hears then none of her vows nor her agreements by which she has
nor her agreements by which she has
nor her agreements by which she has bound herself shall stand and the Lord
bound herself shall stand and the Lord
bound herself shall stand and the Lord will release her because her father
will release her because her father
will release her because her father overruled her if indeed she takes a
overruled her if indeed she takes a
overruled her if indeed she takes a husband while bound by her vows or by a
husband while bound by her vows or by a
husband while bound by her vows or by a rash at rents from her lips by which she
rash at rents from her lips by which she
rash at rents from her lips by which she bound herself and her husband hears it
bound herself and her husband hears it
bound herself and her husband hears it and makes no response to her on the day
and makes no response to her on the day
and makes no response to her on the day that he hears then her vows shall stand
that he hears then her vows shall stand
that he hears then her vows shall stand and her agreement by which she bound
and her agreement by which she bound
and her agreement by which she bound herself shall stand but if her husband
herself shall stand but if her husband
herself shall stand but if her husband overruled her on the day that he hears
overruled her on the day that he hears
overruled her on the day that he hears it
it
it shall make void her vow which she took
shall make void her vow which she took
shall make void her vow which she took and what she uttered with her lips by
and what she uttered with her lips by
and what she uttered with her lips by which she bound herself and the Lord
which she bound herself and the Lord
which she bound herself and the Lord will release her also any vow of a widow
will release her also any vow of a widow
will release her also any vow of a widow or a divorced woman by which she has
or a divorced woman by which she has
or a divorced woman by which she has bound herself shall stand against her if
bound herself shall stand against her if
bound herself shall stand against her if she vowed in her husband's house or
she vowed in her husband's house or
she vowed in her husband's house or bound herself by an agreement with an
bound herself by an agreement with an
bound herself by an agreement with an oath and her husband heard it and made
oath and her husband heard it and made
oath and her husband heard it and made no response to her and did not overrule
no response to her and did not overrule
no response to her and did not overrule her then all her vows shall stand and
her then all her vows shall stand and
her then all her vows shall stand and every agreement by which she bound
every agreement by which she bound
every agreement by which she bound herself shall stand but if her husband
herself shall stand but if her husband
herself shall stand but if her husband truly made them void on the day he heard
truly made them void on the day he heard
truly made them void on the day he heard them then whatever proceeded from her
them then whatever proceeded from her
them then whatever proceeded from her lips concerning her vows or concerning
lips concerning her vows or concerning
lips concerning her vows or concerning the agreement binding her it shall not
the agreement binding her it shall not
the agreement binding her it shall not stand her husband has made them void and
stand her husband has made them void and
stand her husband has made them void and the Lord will release her every vow and
the Lord will release her every vow and
the Lord will release her every vow and every binding oath to afflict her soul
every binding oath to afflict her soul
every binding oath to afflict her soul her husband they confirm it or her
her husband they confirm it or her
her husband they confirm it or her husband may make it void
if her husband makes no response
if her husband makes no response whatever to her from day to day
whatever to her from day to day
whatever to her from day to day then he confirms all her vows or all the
then he confirms all her vows or all the
then he confirms all her vows or all the agreements that bind her he confirmed
agreements that bind her he confirmed
agreements that bind her he confirmed them because he made no response to her
them because he made no response to her
them because he made no response to her on the day that he heard them
but if he does make them void after he
but if he does make them void after he has heard them then he shall bear her
has heard them then he shall bear her
has heard them then he shall bear her guilt
these are the statutes which the LORD
these are the statutes which the LORD commanded Moses between a man and his
commanded Moses between a man and his
commanded Moses between a man and his wife and between a father and his
wife and between a father and his
wife and between a father and his daughter in her youth in her father's
daughter in her youth in her father's
daughter in her youth in her father's house